
Pandas Library
Pandas is a popular open-source data manipulation and analysis library for the Python programming language. 
It provides data structures and functions needed to efficiently manipulate large datasets

pd.read_csv:
  pd.read_csv is a function in the Pandas library used to read data from a CSV (Comma-Separated Values) file and create a DataFrame

pd.DataFrame():
  pd.Dataframe() is a constructor in the Pandas library for creating a DataFrame, which is a two-dimensional, tabular data structure.

pd.concat():
 pd.concat() is a function in the Pandas library that is used to concatenate or combine two or more pandas objects along a particular axis.
 result = pd.concat(objs, axis=0, join='outer', ignore_index=False)

.resample():
  The resample() method in Pandas is used for time-based resampling of time series data. It is particularly useful when dealing with time series 
  data with irregular time intervals, and you want to convert it into a regular time frequency. This method is often used in the context of financial data,
  sensor data, or any other data where measurements are recorded at different time intervals.

.astype()
  The astype() method in Pandas is used to cast a pandas object (like a Series or DataFrame) to a specified data type. It allows you to change the data type of the elements
  in the object to a different data type.

.dropna()
  The dropna() method in Pandas is used to remove missing or NaN (Not a Number) values from a DataFrame or Series.

reset_index():
 The reset_index() method in Pandas is used to reset the index of a DataFrame. When you reset the index, a new default 
 integer-based index is created, and the current index becomes a new column in the DataFrame. The drop parameter is used
 to determine whether to remove the old index column or not.

.interpolate()
 The .interpolate() method in Pandas is used to fill NaN (Not a Number) or missing values in a DataFrame by interpolating 
 between existing values. Interpolation is a method of estimating values that are missing in a sequence based on the values that are present.


 
 